  Kindly ensure the information on this form is accurate.
Contact Name 
First Name 
Lastname
Last Name 
Address
Select an Address
Relationship to celebrant if not celebrant.
 
Email
 
Phone
Celebrant Name
First Name 
How many days is your event?
 
Ceremony Event date
Reception Event date
Celebrant Surname
Surname Name 
List the events

Start Time
20:35
End Time
14:30
Give more details for both days, start time and end time
 
List venue for both days
 
Total Number of Guests expected for both days.
Whats the occassion? *Required


















If it is a birthday party or celebration state age of celebrant
Add answer here
Remmembrance Celebration of life , please give details.
Add answer here
Guest Category *Required




What services do you require(Tick) *Required











Do you have a venue booked?

Yes

No
If yes, please give us the full address, website, contact and booking reference. If not, please skip.
For Decor ensure the team has a whole day not night before to set up. Please confirm if this has been arranged.
What does your booking cover please list with quantity and type: (for example chairs, tables, bar)
If you don’t have a venue booked: Venue Location Preference:(what area/city/town/country)
Venue Type Preference: *Required












What is your venue budget?
Text format
Event/Décor Brief * Give us a detailed picture please
Décor Color Theme( State your theme and colour for Do example: Elf theme, Alice n Wondelandtheme or James bond theme. Colours all shade of Red
What venue Layout will you prefer? *Required







Are you expecting any presentations or speeches?Do you plan for anty *

Yes

No
If yes, please tick






Do you require any special effects? *Required






Please select the elements you’d like us to provide














List the type of Entertainment you require at the event.
Add answer here
Please select the elements you’d like us to provide














Do you have any uniform or costume preferences for staff, performers, or vendors?”
Any other information you give us will help? Please state.
What is your overall budget? Please be very realistic and specific to enable us to match accordingly.
Kindly state if you have a plan, idea or concept and upload any inspiration pictures for any party of your event below.
Add answer here
Upload File
Upload supported file (Max 15MB)
Upload File
Upload supported file (Max 15MB)
Upload File
Upload supported file (Max 15MB)
Upload File
Upl